KEP-4814: graduate DRA Partitionable Devices to beta (#5767)
kubernetes/enhancements: keps/sig-scheduling/4815-dra-partitionable-devices/README.md

However, the scheduler does consume these objects and track information from
them in order to make scheduling decisions.

> Unit tests exists in the scheduler that verifies that enabling /

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
Unit tests exist in the scheduler that verify that enabling /
```

Drivers and `ResourceSlices` using the Partitionable Devices feature should be
removed from the cluster before upgrade/downgrade between 1.34 and 1.35.

For upgrade to 1.36 where the Partitionable Devices feature has been promoted
to beta, workloads will not be impacted unless a driver is running that publishes
ResourceSlices that uses the Partitionable Devices feature. If a driver starts
publishing ResourceSlices that uses the feature before it has been completely
rolled out, it can cause failure to schedule pods or a failure to run the pods
on the nodes. Drivers should only use the feature once it has been fully
rolled out in the cluster. This will not affect running workloads unless they
have to be restarted.

###### What specific metrics should inform a rollback?

One indicator are unexpected restarts of the cluster control plane
components (kube-scheduler, apiserver, kube-controller-manager).

> If the scheduler_pending_pods metric in the kube-scheduler suddenly increases of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the scheduler_pending_pods metric in the kube-scheduler suddenly increases or
```

### Troubleshooting

The troubleshooting section in https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-node/4381-dra-structured-parameters#troubleshooting
still applies. The only additional failure modes comes from version skew
in the cluster and the troubleshooting steps provided through the link above
should be sufficient to determine the cause.

###### How does this feature react if the API server and/or etcd is unavailable?

See https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-node/4381-dra-structured-parameters#how-does-this-feature-react-if-the-api-server-andor-etcd-is-unavailable.

###### What are other known failure modes?

See https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-node/4381-dra-structured-parameters#what-are-other-known-failure-modes.

> ###### What steps should be taken if SLOs are not being met to determine the problem?

Reviewer 3: I see that DRA did not have an answer for this but I think we should probably answer this.
